#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Homework 3
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Antonio Zea Jr
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Consider the following languages:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{1}=\{w|W\in\{a,+,-,*,/,(,)\}^{*},w\text{ is a legal arithmetic expression in infix form}\}$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{2}=\{w|W\in\{0,1\}^{*},w\text{ contains at least three 1s}\}$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{3}=\{w|w∈\{0,1\}^{*},w\text{ the length of w is odd}\}$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{4}=\{w|w\in\{0,1\}^{*},w\text{ starts and end with the same symbol}\}$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{5}=\{w|w\in\{0,1\}^{*},w\text{is a palindrome}\}$
\end_inset

 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
\begin_inset Formula $L_{6}=\{w|w\in\{0,1\}^{*},w\text{contains equal numbers of 0s and 1s}\}\\$
\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Which languages are regular and which are not? Give the 
\bar under
regular expressions
\bar default
 for the regular languages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
For each nonregular language prove that it is not regular by using the pumping
 lemma or the closure of the regular languages.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
For each language 
\bar under
give the CFG
\bar default
 that describes it.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Use the 
\bar under
CFG Developer
\bar default
 to 
\bar under
test the grammars
\bar default
 for all languages.
 Try strings that belong to the language of the grammar and strings that
 do not.
 Show the derivations of the strings that belong to the language.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Give 
\bar under
informal descriptions
\bar default
 (see the solution of Exercise 2.7) and 
\bar under
state diagrams of PDAs
\bar default
 for the 
\bar under
non-regular languages
\bar default
 above.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
